Added blurb about custom checks (#216)
returntocorp/bento: README.md

> Bento is a free and opinionated toolkit for gradually adopting linters[¹](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lint_(software)) and program analysis[²](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Program_analysis) in your codebase. Be the bug-squashing advocate your team needs but (maybe) doesn’t deserve.

Reviewer: @pabloest I think it's worth us updating this language while we're at it, it's lagging our thinking and user interview framing.

> - **Finds bugs that matter.** Bento runs its [own checks](#bento-checks) and OSS tools to catch actual bugs. It never reports style-related issues and its checks are chosen based on performance across the PyPI and npm ecosystems.

Reviewer 2: I love the text edits to the sentences inside each header-bullet. What do you think of adapting your new header-bullets so that they keep the previous focus on “you” (the reader) rather than “it” (the tool)? For example: 

* (you) Find bugs that matter
* (you) Keep your workflow
* (you) Go (Work?) delightfully fast

- **Doesn't disrupt your workflow.** Unlike other tools you won’t have to fix existing bugs to adopt Bento. It takes 30 seconds to get started and coding again. 

> - **Delightfully fast.** Bento runs its tools in parallel, not sequentially, on the code you’ve changed. Its jobs run entirely locally when you commit your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Delightfully fast.** Bento runs its tools in parallel, not sequentially, on the code you’ve changed. Its jobs run entirely locally.
```

We’re also big proponents of opinionated tools like Black and Prettier. This has two implications: Bento ignores style-related issues and the bikeshedding that comes with them, and it ships with a curated set of checks that we believe are high signal and bug-worthy. See [Three things your linter shouldn’t tell you](https://blog.r2c.dev/posts/three-things-your-linter-shouldnt-tell-you/) for more details on our decision making process.

## Bento Checks
> Visit [checks.bento.dev](https://checks.bento.dev) for detailed check documentation.

> Bento's check approach is to target popular frameworks (Flask, Requests, Boto3), rather than entire languages (Python, JavaScript). We've found that program analysis tends to tackle language issues rather than framework issues, and we want to see more work done in the community like [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bento’s approach targets popular frameworks (Flask, Requests, Boto 3), rather than entire languages (Python, JavaScript). We’ve found that program analysis tends to tackle language issues rather than framework issues, and we want to see more work done in the community like [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react).
```

> Bento's check approach is to target popular frameworks (Flask, Requests, Boto3), rather than entire languages (Python, JavaScript). We've found that program analysis tends to tackle language issues rather than framework issues, and we want to see more work done in the community like [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react).

Reviewer 2: I think I get what you’re saying in the second sentence but I’m not sure it will be as clear to readers. Are you saying program analysis (tools) do a good job on language issues? But they stink at addressing frameworks? Is there a gap with frameworks? Or do we think both of them (languages and frameworks) still stink? What is it that we like about the React plugin?

> We're currently adding checks for Flask and its sister libraries. These checks include:

Reviewer 2: The presence of these checks is a bit ambiguous. I’d say that the ones listed are already available in Bento and that more are on the way.

Regarding “sister libraries” I believe the Flask convention is to use the term “extensions”? >
`…for Flask and its popular extensions`?

* `unescaped-file-extensions`: Flask doesn’t automatically escape Jinja templates unless they have `.html`, `.htm`, `.xml`, or `.xhtml` extensions. This check fires if templates without these extensions are used and if their context variables aren’t manually escaped, which could leave your application vulnerable to [DOM based XSS attacks](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/DOM_Based_XSS).
* `send-file-open`: This check will detect the use of `open(...)` passed in to `flask.send_file` without the appropriate keyword args — either `mimetype` or `attachment_filename`. `open(...)` without these keywords throws a `ValueError` at runtime.

> 

Reviewer 2: What about the other Flask checks, or why highlight these in particular?
